Kevin Vu
Software Engineer
(+61) 04 5005 0963
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
kevinvu184@gmail.com
kevinvu184.com
linkedin.com/in/kevinvu184
github.com/kevinvu184

Career Summary
Motivated and detail-oriented software engineer with 2 years of experience developing and maintaining software applications. Proficient in JavaScript and Go, with experience in agile development methodologies and a strong track record of delivering high-quality code on schedule. Seeking a challenging and dynamic software engineering role that allows me to continue learning and growing as a developer.

Skills
Technical
JavaScript, Python, Golang, REST API, GraphQL, AWS serverless, React, Software Design, System Design
Interpersonal
Problem solving, Time management, Communication, Teamwork Adaptable, Business-minded, Resilient
AWS Specialty
Lambda, DynamoDB, S3, API Gateway, AppSync, Cognito, CloudFront, CDK

Experience
Associate Software Engineer
EQL
Apr 2022 — Present
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
eql.com
8 months
- Developed high-quality, highly scalable software using the AWS serverless tech stack.
- Took ownership of on-call responsibilities and quickly resolve any production issues that arise.
- Worked closely with cross-functional teams to accurately understand customer needs and translate them into effective features through the creation of comprehensive design documents.
- Stack: Typescript, Golang, Serverless on AWS, NodeJS, React.

Junior Software Engineer
Away /Digital Home/
Dec 2020 — Jan 2022
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
awaydigitalhome.com
1 year 2 months
- Collaborated with a team of 5 to develop and maintain 3 serverless deployment environments on AWS platform.
- Cut manual tasks of 10+ game artists by creating internal tools, which led to at least 5 times faster time to market.
- Designed and deployed a 360-web viewer solution within 3 months, which was used in production by top homebuilders.
- Stack: Typescript, Python, Serverless on AWS, NodeJS, React.

Education
Bachelor of Software Engineering
RMIT University
Jul 2018 — Jul 2022
GPA: 3.5/4.0

Extracurricular
PowerApps Developer
Australian Red Cross Lifeblood
Jan 2022 — Feb 2022
Melbourne, Victoria, Australia
lifeblood.com.au
- Built a complete solution that helps Lifeblood simplify, minimise, and standardise the process of taking internal reports.
- Researched and delivered critical business logic (digital signature, user permission/authorization, etc.) within 6 weeks.
- Performed Power Apps automated system testing using Test Studio.
- Stack: Power Apps, Power Automate, Test Studio, Dataverse.
- Key achievement: Received a high-distinction mark and the solution was continued to serve after project sign off.

AWS Student Ambassador
RMIT University
Mar 2020 — Feb 2021
- Built an AWS community that aimed to help people acknowledge and get familiar with cloud technology.
- Shared cloud understanding and brought people to the community.
- Guided and connected newly formed start-ups with AWS, functioned as a bridge between start-ups and AWS.

Certification
Certified Solution Architect Associate Certification
AWS
Dec 2021 — Dec 2024

Reference
Reference from Dr Fengling Han
RMIT University
Apr 2020
Title: Senior Lecturer, RMIT University
Letter of Recommendation: Link